today I want to talk about data analyst
bootcamp 4.0 with AI and other
technological advancements the role of
data analyst is changing significantly
and we have added content and features
to meet these new demands now if you
want me to say that we will give you
100% job guarantee or make you on lacks
of rupees easily then please leave this
video this is not for you also if you
don't have money to spend on paid boot
camp Etc don't worry we have so many
free resources that you can use to
upskill yourself you can check our
channel for uh data analyst tutorials as
well as end to end projects there are
other awesome channels as well watch
this video only if you are interested in
knowing what code Basics data analyst
bootcamp 4.0 offers so far we have
received overwhelmingly positive
response for this boot cam now I'm not
saying this without any proof If you go
to bootcamp page scroll down you will
see recent placement section if you
click on view all you will see the
stories of all the boot camp students
who got a job in last 3 months alone
more than 100 people have been placed
and all of these are 100% genuine
reviews if you click on a LinkedIn uh
icon in front of any profile for example
for Ashwin you can click on this
LinkedIn icon go to his profile you can
connect with that person and talk to
hear their review about this particular
boot camp now we don't pay these people
to provide those fake reviews I know
there are some companies who play those
marketing gimmicks every single profile
that you see is 100% genuine okay so do
your research and as I said the data
analyst role is going through a lot of
changes so to meet those demands we have
added a lot of new features and content
if you go to our website and click on
this yellow Banner where it says no more
you will land on this boot cam upgrade
page where we have listed all the new
features in boot cam 4.0 we are adding
mock interviews yes this was a very high
request feature we are adding new
virtual internship enhanced portfolio
website smart job assistance portal
interview and job application playbooks
Microsoft fabric which is emerging as
this unified data analytics tool where
you can do like data Engineering also we
are going to have content on that and so
on I will talk more about these features
in detail but let's first talk about the
price because some of you will have
curiosity the boot camp price in India
will increase from
84 to this particular price on 8 Jan
2025 we are increasing the price
obviously because we have added a lot of
new features there is a lot of work that
goes in and we have a team of 30 people
who is put putting a lot of afford in
building all these new features Etc so
it's obvious if you're outside India
then just check the website go to code
basics. click on that yellow Banner
where it says no more and you will see
the old price as well as the new priz
the question you may have is what
happens to existing boot camp students
we did some serious thinking on this
because adding all these new features
mock interviews new virtual internship
Etc has additional infrastructure and
human cost we have a team of 30 people
we have an office in Hyderabad inflation
is rising so the salary that we pay to
our staff that is rising our backend
engineering cost are also Rising so we
initially thought that boot camp 3.0
Learners when they upgrade to 4.0 they
will get that upgrade for free but 1.0
and 2.0 Learners who paid a very Less
Price initially we will charge them some
additional money to upgrade to 4.0 so
that was our initial thought but then we
brainstorm a bit and thought that the
botam 1.0 and 2.0 students supported us
in the initial time when code Basics was
a new company so because of that we are
giving this upgrade for free to all the
students whether you enroll in 1.0 2.0
3.0 doesn't matter if you are an
existing data analyst boot camp student
you will get 4.0 upgrade for free now
see the price is increasing from 8
January so if you're are in India the
price is going to be
10,800 rupees the previous price is
84 and let's say you are in 5th January
any date before 8th January and you are
not an existing student you decide to
buy the boot camp so here the boot camp
is 3.0
okay and from 8 January boot camp will
become 4.0 if you buy the boot camp at
any date before 8 January let's on 5
January you will pay this price
8,400 but as you go and cross 8 January
uh you will automatically be upgraded to
4.0 without having to pay extra price so
if you're any way thinking of enrolling
in code Basics data analyst boot camp
you can enroll before 8 January because
that way you will pay the old price the
price will change on exactly on 8
January so after that if you make a
purchase decision you'll be paying this
new price okay so that is just to
summarize before Ed gen if you buy this
boot cam you're paying
8,400 and you will be upgraded to 4.0
without paying anything extra on 8
January this applies to other countries
as well now folks this is a very high
quality boot camp
created by industry professionals and
some people may have this thinking that
the price is actually low if you think
about it is probably when you get a data
analy job this might be your first week
salary the reason we have kept the
prices low is so that more people can
afford it it is accessible to more and
more people especially those who are
having uh you know financial
difficulties but as such do not judge
the quality of the boot camp by the guys
the boot camp is extremely high quality
you can read all the reviews you can
also check our free videos you can check
the our YouTube channel and look at some
of the videos you will get an idea on
the quality you can review the content
of this boot camp by going through this
boot cam page if you scroll down you
will see the entire curriculum that
includes both Tex skills and soft skills
the approach that we follow is we first
teach you tag skills then we give you
enough exercises end to endend projects
so that you can practice those skills
then you also build the soft skills and
learn how to show your Tech and soft
skills via project portfolio website
talking about technical skills
specifically we cover Excel so if you
click on Excel module you will see the
entire curriculum and this is all very
practical industry based experience okay
you have powerbi 2.0 ATS resume so in
between you will see all these soft
skills online credibility ATS resume how
to apply for a job interview prep okay
so Technical and soft skills are kind of
integrated in a right order if you look
at any course online everyone says okay
I have industry experience and I teach
well well you should not believe in
anyone including myself you should do
your own research so if you check my
LinkedIn profile and my past experience
I work for Bloomberg which is world's
biggest financial data and analytics
Company from more than 12 years here in
New York and the way we have taught this
is by integrating our real life
experiences into this teaching content
the co-founder of code Basics hamon and
Vell he was data analytics manager in
Europe for more than eight years he he
built more than 30 plus Enterprise level
data analytics applications and projects
so the experiences that we both have
working in us and Europe uh we have
integrated those experiences in into
this boot camp also having industry
experience is not enough because you
will see many people who are expert who
are working for big tech companies and
so on but they're not good at teaching
if you go to our YouTube channel code
Basics which has more than million
followers and if you check some of the
popular videos and just read the
comments you'll get an idea that we
excel at teaching as well so we know how
to do effective teaching in a very
simplified practical manner so that you
have very less cognitive burden and you
can learn the concepts in a very smooth
and easier way as if if a high school
student takes our boot camp they will
also be able to understand things very
easily so we teach in a very intuitive
and practical manner along with
technical skills we teach soft skills as
well if you look at for example this
powerbi module you will see project
planning and scoping meeting so we uh
walk you through how a project kickoff
meeting happens what is Project Charter
how stakeholders get together to execute
a project so we show all of these
project management communication and
other soft skills which are required to
become successful in a data analyst
career now let's say you have technical
skills and soft skills are they enough
no in 2025 you need to know how to
Showcase those skills that thing is very
important honon recently posted on
LinkedIn about two aspirants applying
for a job first aspirent is very strong
in terms of Technical and soft skills
but they don't know how to Showcase
their work second aspirent is let's say
average or reasonable skill set but they
know how to showcase the work chances of
second aspirent Landing a job is much
higher than aspiron one because aspir
and 2 knows how to Showcase their skills
via LinkedIn and Via other platforms we
teach all of that how to Showcase
basically your skills we teach that
through online credibility module
through ATS resume project portfolio
website and so on so we have integrated
all these features in the boot Cam that
will help you showcase your skills to
the world and to the potential recruiter
this online credibility module has
helped many students here we teach how
you can prepare your LinkedIn profile so
that it can attract the attention of a
potential recruiter and we have
sprinkled that module throughout the
boot camp let me show you some testimony
here is the one from namon he was a
civil engineer with 7even years of
experience using online credibility
module it gave him an opportunity to
break into Data industry and right now
he's working in the data industry it has
also helped many freshers for example
gika
kushani uh kusum parik it has helped all
these freshers get a job in the tough
job market not only that some career
transitioners have also got benefit for
example prep he was a driver and then he
learned uh and he followed the right
approach and he got a job we're going to
include all these testimonials and
Linkedin Post in the video description
below Sadam Ansari is another person who
used online credibility to his benefit
one of the big problem with online
courses is that people buy these online
courses and they don't complete it they
maybe finish first two three chapters
and then they get get bored or they lose
motivation and so on to tackle this
problem we have used two approaches
number one is teaching style our
teaching style is very intuitive you can
go to YouTube channel look at all the
comments you will find that we teach in
a way that even a high school student
can understand it easily the second
Factor we incorporate is Cinematic
experiences so when you're are watching
our courses you'll feel like you are
almost going through some kind of movie
like storytelling where we have used
this character of a junior data analyst
called Peter pande who is working with
his senior uh whose name is Tony Sharma
and in that Peter P's Journey you will
see your own data analyst career
evolving so you will learn not only
technical skills but how to behave in
meetings for example how to handle Egos
and how to manage stakeholder
conversation so we have Incorporated all
those movie like Cinema experiences and
storytelling so this makes your learning
experience very engaging at the same
time you learn some important skills one
problem with video courses is that
you're learning something and if you
have a question you are stuck what do
you do to address this problem we
provide a Discord support where our team
will help you with your queries even
though we can make ourself self-reliant
by using Google CH GPT Etc still we need
that human support which is something we
provide through our Discord server
everything that I talked about uh is
available in our current boot cam but on
8th gen when we upgrade the boot cam to
4.0 you will get the following new
features on the content side the first
upgrade we are adding is Microsoft
fabric Microsoft is a unified analytics
platform from Microsoft which is going
to cover data engineering data analytics
data science and so on it's like
unification of different things that you
can do uh as part of your data role we
are going to teach Microsoft fabric so
that's a new content we are adding in
4.0 we already have this feature called
SQL Arena where you can practice SQL
queries we are adding more questions or
more practice scenarios in this feature
we provide practical job assistance
through this smart job assistance portal
we also have this hire from us page
where we connect the potential recruiter
with the boot camp students in this 4.0
upgrade we are adding couple of new
features the first one is interview
Playbook this takes you only 20 minutes
to read it but it can save you 20 days
worth of aord in this Playbook we have
provided essential tips for the
interview we have also given job
application Playbook and job winning
resum to help you with the job hunting
process we are also providing mock
interviews so you will get two mock
interview sessions having ATS compliant
resume is very much Essential in today's
competitive market we are providing this
automatic ATS Resume Builder which will
help you build a resume with with a very
high ATS score with only few clicks mock
interview was very highly requested
feature and people said that they are
even ready to pay extra price for that
we are bringing that feature as part of
the boot camp so if you are a boot camp
student and if you have already received
interview call we will provide you two
more interview sessions with the experts
and that will increase your chance of
cracking that interview we have also
enhanced project portfolio website
feature with some new templates project
portfolio website is like your online
resume where you can uh mention your
skills you can showcase your live
projects and so on and this thing is
very much Essential to stand out in the
crowd we are also constantly upgrading
our boot camp just think about this
people who bought boot camp 1.0 2.0 they
have been getting all these upgrades for
free so this boot camp we are adding new
and new content for example we have
added this new domain knowledge module
and we have added one additional virtual
internship as well the tools are
emerging things are changing fast so
we'll make sure that we will keep on
adding new content to this boot camp so
that it is most relevant as per the need
of the time also if you're not sure
don't worry we provide 30-day no
question asked asked refund okay so
within 30 days after buying this boot
camp if you realize this is not for you
don't worry will not ask you any
question and we will refund your money
now some people ask me this question do
we have an Emi option we have a specific
section where you can pay money in
installments so please refer to that
section we have clearly mentioned how
you can pay the money in fractions
that's all I had for this I hope you
have a Clarity on what you're getting in
this boot camp 4.0 upgrade if you have
any questions reach out to our team
write an email to info@ codebasics doio
or on our website we have this WhatsApp
option also so you can talk to our team
as such we have added all the details on
our Boot Camp Page so please check
carefully whatever question you have
majority of those questions are already
answered on the boot camp page as well
as in this video so if you have a
question again watch this video you will
get a Clarity I wish you all the best